[airy. percussive music playing]
[Orlick] Here's all you need to know.
[Paolo] I need my assassin in ten days.
-That's impossible.
-Ten days.
-You missed one.
-Not you.
So what'd Braga want with you anyway?
He was forcing me to build
a mind-control program.
He wanted an instant assassin.
I want to see Hendrix.
Manticore is everywhere. looking for me.
Nadia. Carter
and you so they can kill us.
[Abby] Nadia's got Asha with her.
[Mason] She shouldn't.
[Abby] A child needs their mother.
Hendrix is fine!
You had a mole within Citadel.
How could you possibly know?
[Sharpe] I think you know
because you married him.
[quiet. suspenseful music playing]
[clock ticking]
[wind whistling]
♪ ♪
[exhaling sharply]
[phone beeps]
♪ ♪
[computer beeps]
[indistinct conversation]
[♪ "Midsommarnatt" by Asa Jinder
& Lasse Tennande playing on radio]
[water running]
[conversing in Swedish] I'm thinking
about meeting Karen after work tomorrow.
Do you want to come with me?
Uh...
I was hoping to meet up
with the hunting team tomorrow.
You don't like her.
-Shh.
-[distant beeping]
[ominous music playing]
♪ ♪
[door thumping in wind]
[thumps louder]
[dramatic music playing]
Abby!
[quiet. ominous music playing]
[perky music plays on store speakers]
♪ ♪
[clears throat]
[speaking English] You good?
[exhales] Yeah. I'm good. I just...
I didn't know what to. um.
do anymore. so...
Yeah. I got you.
How-how's Hendrix?
You'll see tomorrow.
Carter. thank you so much.
Don't...
don't thank me.
All right? Uh...
I owe you.
For what?
For lying to you.
Lying about what?
Let's go. all right?
It's not safe in here.
Carter. Lying about what?
He didn't want you to know.
-Kyle?
-Mason.
Know what?
Who you are.
-[glass breaking]
-[Carter grunts]
[ominous music playing]
[silenced gunshot]
[startled chatter]
[shouts]
[gun clicks]
You have... you have to run.
[automatic gunfire]
Shit.
[Carter gasping]
♪ ♪
[alarm sounding]
[Carter grunting]
Hide.
♪ ♪
[quietly] Go.
[dramatic music playing]
Go.
[yelps]
[screams]
♪ ♪
[grunts]
[panting]
[alarm chirps]
[shouts]
[yelps]
♪ ♪
[grunts]
[wind blowing]
[breathes deeply]
-[screams]
-Where is Mason Kane?
[grunts]
[pulsing. dramatic music plays]
[both grunting]
[sobs]
Carter! They killed Carter.
I told you not to contact anyone.
-I was right beside him.
-Abby. how many more
are there? It's fine. it's all right.
How many more are there. Abby?
[gunshots]
Stay here. Stay there!
♪ ♪
[shouts]
[shouting]
♪ ♪
[Abby] Kyle!
-[Abby shouts]
-[car door closes]
[Abby screams]
-Kyle!
-[tires screeching]
Kyle!
Abby!
[intense dramatic music playing]
[wind whistling]
♪ ♪
[explosion]
[high-pitched ringing]
Fuck!
[glass shatters]
What is wrong with you?
It was you.
[both grunting]
-[groans]
-[Mason groans]
♪ ♪
Do it.
Dahlia's your mother?
You gave her all our names. our covers?
I didn't know.
They murdered thousands of us.
I didn't know who she was
or who she was working for.
You murdered thousands of us!
And Citadel murdered my father!
They burned him alive.
I saw it. I see it.
They made me into this.
You took eight years from me.
Eight years with Asha.
Stay away from us.
If I see you again. I will kill you.
[dramatic music playing]
♪ ♪
[horn blares in distance]
[Orlick] "John Mellencamp"?
What?
What do you mean. "what"?
You thought "John Mellencamp"
was a good cover?
You thought that name
would keep me undetected?
Why. is that a real person?
You don't know who John Mellencamp is?
No. who's John Mellencamp?
Oh. my God.
You just came up with the name on a whim?
-Just...
-Yeah.
-I've got a thing for names.
-Huh.
"Hurts So Good"?
"Jack & Diane"? "Pink Houses"?
-♪ Little pink houses...
-You're just--
You're saying a whole bunch of words
that have no meaning to me.
♪ Little pink houses for you and me ♪♪
-No. that's not how it goes.
-Nope. Got nothing. Sorry.
-Oh.
-And. by the way.
if you want to pick your own name
on the passport next time.
you supply the forger. How 'bout that?
Well. "forger" is a.
you know. very generous word.
Where'd you find the guy.
-Kinko's?
-You know.
there's an old saying where I come from.
"Shut the fuck up and be grateful."
It's not too late
to cancel your train ticket
if you want to find
your own way out of this shithole.
All right?
Who's in Italy?
An old friend.
If anybody can
put together my old team. it's him.
-[drill whirring]
-[hammer pounding]
[speaking Portuguese] Fuck!
[speaking English] I leave
for one fucking day!
[Charlotte] A new table's
already on order.
They're all different.
Every marble table is different.
And I liked this one.
That's why I picked it.
Is that blood on the wood?
The cleaners said they can
get the bloodstains out. sir.
so...
[Paolo] I'll know it's there.
deep down in the cracks of the wood.
I'll always know.
Maybe we can replace the floor.
Charlotte. every piece of
reclaimed wood is unique.
That's why you reclaim it.
It's the very definition
of "irreplaceable"!
Fuck!
Who throws a grenade
after all the men are dead?
-I don't--
-It's excessive.
It is. sir.
[ominous music playing]
I mean. men you can replace.
Not wood reclaimed from a Tuscan barn.
Tell me you fucking have something.
Yeah. he had help.
[Paolo scoffs] No shit. he had help.
And we found a grenade pin.
Yeah. there were grenades involved.
I'm well aware.
American made.
The guy who helped him is former CIA.
Would you like me
to get in touch with McCaffery?
Fine. Go.
How could Bernard do this to us?
-Relax.
-How can I be relaxed?
We lost the one man
who could build what we need.
and we have nine days.
We have everyone looking for him.
But we have options.
There's someone else
who can fix this software.
A Korean hacker.
some say better then Orlick.
But he is a ghost.
-Interesting.
-Yes.
Where's Aparna?
She tracked Nadia Sinh
to Frankfurt and she lost her.
Oh. forget Sinh.
Put Aparna on the Korean
while you and I look for Orlick.
Mm-hmm.
Who the fuck is that?
[ominous music playing]
That's Mason Kane's wife.
We have her.
♪ ♪
[melancholy music playing]
[crying softly]
♪ ♪
[Nadia crying]
[Asha] Grandpa used to say.
"We're shit out of luck."
Are we shit out of luck?
[Nadia] Something like that.
He used to say
you were the smartest person he knew.
[Nadia] I thought he said
I was the bravest.
I lie. To motivate you.
[sniffles]
I'm tired of being alone.
Yeah. well. get used to it.
We can't have anyone around.
Why?
Because I'm tired of being betrayed.
You know. when you were a baby.
I'd pick you up in my arms.
rock you back and forth
and sing to you.
[singing "Aa Chal Ke Tujhe" in Hindi]
[sniffles] I used to sing the song
over and over like a prayer...
...to whoever's listening.
the universe. the gods.
because there's only so much
a person can do.
There's only so much I can do.
But I realized that...
...no one's listening.
[Asha] I was listening.
[Asha humming melody]
[sniffles]
[both humming]
[♪ Kishore Kumar sings "Aa Chal Ke Tujhe"]
[water lapping]
["Chopsticks" playing on piano]
["Chopsticks" continues]
[bottles rattle gently]
[speaking Italian] Put your hands
where I can see them.
[Orlick speaking English] You're
out of Campari.
What kind of Italian are you?
Bernardo?
-Ciao.
-[scoffs]
[speaking Italian] That's not necessary.
Come.
You lost your phone?
Hmm?
[speaking English] My wife and kids
are upstairs asleep.
What the fuck kind of cereal is this?
What's the matter.
you Italians never heard of sugar?
It's like a bowl of croutons with milk.
It's disgusting.
What are you doing here. Bernardo? Eh?
I'm assuming you still work for Reuters?
-Sì.
-[Orlick] I need you
to put out a story for me.
[Alessandro] For 25 years.
you fed me false intel
to get stories written
that furthered Citadel's interests.
Yes.
And now you want me to help you?
Yes. If it weren't existential.
I would not be here.
Remember. you got into this line of work
because you wanted to give a voice
to the voiceless. You wanted
to help future generations--
[Hutch playing "Chopsticks"]
You wanted to help future generations--
[playing "Chopsticks" louder]
[Hutch] Boring.
Come on.
If you gotta use so many fancy words
to convince someone of doing something.
they're probably not gonna do it.
Look. buddy.
run the story tomorrow or...
I'm going to come back here
and shoot you in the dick.
Okay?
[Hutch] What do you I-tals say?
"Ciao bene?" "Capisce?"
-Grazie.
-Prego.
[quiet. dramatic music playing]
[audio rewinding]
[Carter] Let's go.
It's not safe for you here.
[Abby] Carter.
Lying about what?
[Carter] I'm...
he didn't want you to know.
-Kyle?
-Mason.
Know what?
Who you are.
[rewinds]
He didn't want you to know.
-Kyle?
-Mason.
Know what?
Who you are.
[quiet. suspenseful music playing]
[siren wails in distance]
♪ ♪
[mysterious dramatic music playing]
[gun cocks]
Hey. Mom.
You look well.
For a dead woman.
-You're here to kill me.
-Eventually.
First. I need you to help me find my wife.
Didn't we do this once before?
Didn't go so well last time. as I recall.
A lot of people died.
♪ ♪
[tense. rhythmic music playing]
Where am I?
Where the fuck a--
Stop! That's fine. I'm fine.
Just--
[Joana] This scar.
They told you that was from
a car accident. yeah?
Is that what they told you?
What?
Who are you?
Ooh. better question: who are you?
My name is Joana Malvern.
It is a pleasure to meet you. Celeste.
Celeste?
♪ ♪
I took it off a man who came for me.
Need you to decrypt it.
I used to sit right where
you're sitting and nurse you.
You'd squeal and guzzle
and look at me.
Wouldn't let me out of your sight.
And for the first time in my life.
I realized what it was like to be--
A mother?
A prisoner.
Who took Abby? Where is she?
When did you realize
I was never coming back?
Every morning. I woke up thinking
you were gonna be there to take me home.
Every year. when I blew the candles out.
I wished for you.
Until I realized I was wasting my wish.
and I wished for a dirt bike.
I imagine that was hard.
Got the dirt bike.
Tell me what it says.
It's an encryption used...
by the Manticore families.
Is this Paulo Braga the billionaire?
And head of
the wealthiest Manticore family.
Where can I find him?
Well. I'd wish you luck finding Braga...
...and your wife. but...
...maybe a bit of luck
has already come your way.
Bernard's still alive?
Yes. still kicking. When we pulled him
from that van with a bullet
in his shoulder. he still had a pulse.
unfortunately for him.
I guess he found a way out. though.
Rats always do.
I sort of like the new you.
I still fucking hate the old you.
They're all coming for you. love.
Braga.
Manticore.
And though you can't see it yet...
...your friends.
You think they'll ever forgive you
for what you did to Citadel?
When they turn on you. which they will.
you would do well
to have family watching your back.
That you?
"Family"?
We were in the same apartment.
heard the same explosion.
saw the man we both loved
melt into his fucking bed.
I've done terrible things to you.
But I didn't make you this.
And I promise you.
you can trust me more
than the man who did.
What are you talking about?
One man planned that drone strike.
gave the order that killed your father.
and I assure you.
he won't hesitate to kill you.
Rats find a way.
[dramatic music playing]
[Asha] Nadia?
Nadia?
What is it?
[speaking Swedish] A single-engine plane
crashed into the Atlantic
early this morning.
Killing an American tourist.
Brad Headmeaer of Townon. California.
was pronounced dead by French authorities.
[speaking English] Isn't that your friend?
It is.
♪ ♪
We got to go.
[dialing]
-[Joe] Hello?
-Joe.
-listen to me.
-Bernard.
I have three burners.
ten seconds each. okay?
This is the last time
you're going to hear my voice.
so take in everything I tell you. okay?
Wait. slow down--
[line ringing]
[Joe] Bernard. please--
No. Shh. Listen. Joe.
You stay put. you understand?
You stay put. you don't trust anyone.
don't go anywhere.
keep the girls safe.
You keep them safe and I keep you safe.
That's the deal.
That's always been the deal.
Bernard. I--
[sighs]
[phone beeps]
[line ringing]
[Joe] Don't do this.
And when you see
the stars falling from the sky.
you will know that everything
is okay again. understand?
-Bernard...
-And tell Val that I love her
and I'll always be looking out
for her and you.
-Okay.
-Joe?
-Okay. I love you. Bernard.
I--
[groans]
[rhythmic. dramatic music playing]
♪ ♪